Add a state field to create utility pseudo-classes (#31643)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.0/customize/options.md

| `$enable-negative-margins`     | `true` or `false` (default)        | Enables the generation of [negative margin utilities]({{< docsref "/utilities/spacing#negative-margin" >}}). |
| `$enable-deprecation-messages` | `true` or `false` (default)        | Set to `true` to show warnings when using any of the deprecated mixins and functions that are planned to be removed in `v5`. |
| `$enable-important-utilities`  | `true` (default) or `false`        | Enables the `!important` suffix in utility classes. |

> | `$enable-hover-utilites`       | `true` or `false` (default)        | Enables the `:hover` pseudo-classes utility. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `$enable-hover-utilities`       | `true` or `false` (default)        | Enables the `:hover` pseudo-classes utilities. |
```
